Wenli, are you sorry?
I'm secretly doing black circles behind your back
Ouch.
This is the nature of the country that is easy to change
Such a person
It doesn't deserve to be planted in our fight hall
No matter how talented he is
No, still see someone
I have a thousand instructions for you
No more black boxing
Do you miss that place that much?
Then why do you still worship me as your teacher?
Teacher, I have difficulties, what difficulties can I have?
Lin Wenli, this senior sister is so kind to you
Look at the scars on her face
Eighty percent of the time you hit a black fist more than once, right?
I think you are smearing Senior Sister's face
Is Coach Liu right?
Someone like that?
You should dare to be our all-female supervisor
Dare to Dare
Dare teacher, listen to my explanation
You have disappointed me so much.
Don't come to Bogie Hall again
No apprentice like you
Please forgive me then.
Please forgive me, okay?
roll
I won't go, you won't let me go, I won't go
Teacher, I don't dare anymore